Hello, I'll show you my today
of course, the smallest steamboat itself
tinkered so much fun then show it then
I'll show you how it works and
it just becomes the little spirit
burner lit and after a while
it starts then
that works well it's easy
finally a normal rattle
Boat as you toy as a bathtub
knows and yes the little spirit burner
so here just a small box with
a bit of wadding in it heats that up
water in this spiral here where the
To lead horrendous out to the back and
the water starts to boil naturally
and whistles neatly out the back and
also a bit with the steam and if
the steam in the cold area of ​​the
pipes he condenses through it
creates a vacuum and the whole
sucks again full of water and then
goes the whole is more yes rebuild
It's easy to just pay attention
that the diameter of the pipe between
2 and 3 should be 5 mm so the
outside diameter that it is a very good one
that it is reasonably reliable
the small part works here
soldered out of biscuit tin so it has
nothing tasted or so who something
that can be done easier too
so join in with a wood basic form
You can do a bit of styrofoam dream
wonderful with a tealight heat
and here is the spiral also different
bent that bends better because
you have a bigger video radios there
there is no danger of it
kinks and now three millimeters tube
installed and that works completely
Well
at such a great radius recommends
However, that still with aluminum foil
to wrap up the heat from the
do not just candle up with it
by whistling but that's me
reasonably well distributed on the tube if you
ask to have the whole story
then she just writes in the
Comments
otherwise I say goodbye to the
next video